Let's look at chatbot.cpp which is really the last file which we will look at.
Let's start from the top.
We have the constructor without memory allocation.
We are only invalidating some data handles here.
Then we have a constructor with memory allocation which
has a string which is a filename as a parameter.
This actually is responsible for loading the image into heap memory,
the small avatar image we're just going to be displayed in the void.
So when we instantiate the cha bot using string here,
then we have a memory allocation on the heap
with new where the image is loaded into heap memory.
The function with which we do this is a proprietary function
from WX widgets and which is able to load all kinds of images not only bitmaps,
but also as an our case,
PNG files or also a JPEG files,
there's a whole variety of different images you can choose from.
Then we have the destructor which deallocates the heap memory,
but only in case the image is not null because double depletion leads to memory bug.
You could also use null pointer here,
but WX widgets uses null and not the null pointers.
It's only a slight difference.
It's a bit technical,
but this is the recommended way to go.
But since WX wages has a lot of legacy code inside,
it has been started over a decade ago.
It's not a decade old, but some code is still in the old code base.
This is why at some cases as for example here,
they use outdated stuff like using null over null pointer.
Okay, we delete the image.
The image is going to be null.
So the pointer is invalidated here,
that's what's happening in the discharger.
Then there's again, something missing where you have to enter
something over the course of the task implementation.
Then we have the method receive message from user which is
the core method of the chat bot where we loop over
all the edges and all the keywords and compute this Levenshtein distance
to find the best-fitting edge along which to progress to the next node.
I won't go into the details of implementation here.
There's a loop over all the child edges,
a loop over all the keywords associated with an edge,
then we compute the Levenshtein distance for each edge.
Then we find the minimum edge later on and select the best-fitting edge to proceed along.
Once we reach this point here,
we have a best fit.
If we reach a node which does not have any outgoing edges,
we assign rootNode to the new node handle here.
So the chat bot is automatically set to the first position of
the answer graph with a current to move chat bot to new node.
We are redirecting the internal handles and setting
the chat bot to be with the new node or in this case, the rootNode again.
Here, insert current node.
What we have here is a randomized selection of the most appropriate answer.
As I told you before,
the chat bot in the answergraph.est,
you can basically associate
several answers with a certain node in the current implementation.
We only have one answer per node to keep complexity at bay.
But if you wanted to,
you could, say for example,
at five possible answers to one node and then
simply randomize the answer which is picked.
So as I told you before,
if you want to do it, try it out,
add a second answer,
a third answer and this randomizer here simply chooses
one answer and picks it and sends it back as a message to the user.
Then we have the compute Levenshtein distance below the method here.
There's nothing else. So this is basically the structure of the program.
I know this is a lot to digest and this is why we have something for you.
Let's execute the code here and see what happens.
Okay,it compiles okay.
It starts up okay.
Let's wait for the window.
Here is the window, we can,
for example say, Hi chatbot,
tell me about pointers,
and then he's going to talk about pointers and you can move through the graph.
When you close the window like this,
an exception has occurred.
As you can see here,
there's something going wrong about access here and your task is to locate this slack.
Find out what's happening and by trying to
look for the source of this bug and why it happens,
I think you will familiarize yourself with the code a lot
better and this is so to speak your task number zero.
Try to find the reason why the program crashes at
this point and fix the bugs so that when you quit the program,
the crash doesn't occur and the valid exit code zero is printed to the console.